## Keywords

`Customer experience`
`Ownership`
`Invent`
`Simplify`
`Innovation`
`KISS`
`Get forgiveness instead of permission`
`recognize that every perspective and opinion needs to be valued. And someone disagreeing with you is wonderful. It gives you a chance to reexamine your viewpoint.`
`Learn`
`Curious`
`help others grow`
`I know we can do better than this`
`Think big`
`You learn more from doing things and measuring rather than surveying or testing or projecting results`
`We value this type of risk taking, because we need to move fast in areas where we can’t possibly know the right answer. Option A or Option B? Pick and move on.`
`Trust yet Verify`
`What’s worth arguing about, and what’s not`

## STAR Principle

- `Situation`: Describe the context within which you performed a job or faced a challenge at work. For example, perhaps you were working on a group project, or you had a conflict with a coworker. This situation can be drawn from a work experience, a volunteer position, or any other relevant event. Be as specific as possible.

- `Task`: Next, describe your responsibility in that situation. Perhaps you had to help your group complete a project within a tight deadline, resolve a conflict with a coworker, or hit a sales target.

- `Action`: You then describe how you completed the task or endeavored to meet the challenge. Focus on what you did, rather than what your team, boss, or coworker did. (Tip: Instead of saying, "We did xyx," say "I did xyz.")

- `Result`: Finally, explain the outcomes or results generated by the action taken. It may be helpful to emphasize what you accomplished, or what you learned.

## Questions

1. Tell me about a time when you reached a goal at work. How did you reach it?

2. Think of a time when you set a goal that you didn’t reach. Why didn’t you reach it? How did you handle it?

3. Tell me about a time when you were behind on your work. Why were you behind? What did you do to catch up?

4. Tell me about a time you led a team at work. Did any problems come up? How did you solve them?

5. Describe a time when you had a disagreement with your manager. What happened?

6. Think of a time when you didn’t get along with a co-worker. Did this impact your work?

7. Tell me about a time when you weren’t prepared for something (presentation, meeting, etc.). What did you do?

8. Did you ever have to adapt to a completely new system at work? Tell me about what you did to adapt.

9. Describe a time when you took initiative at work. Were the results positive? How did people react?

10. Tell me about a miscommunication with a co-worker. How did you work to prevent this in the future?

11. Describe the most stressful situation you have experienced at work. How did you handle it? Would you handle other situations like this in the future?

12. Tell me about a time when you had to solve a difficult problem.

13. Has there ever been a time you discovered a co-worker made a mistake? What did you do?

14. Tell me about a time when you made a mistake at work. Who discovered it, and what did you do to fix it?

15. Tell me about a time when you had to make a split second decision. How did it work out? Would you have chosen another option if you had more time?

16. Describe a time you regretted a decision you made at work. What would you do differently?

17. Tell me about a time when doing the right thing hurt you or your career. Would you make the same decision again?

18. Think of a time when you did something at work that went against your judgment. How would you react now?

19. Think of a time when someone personally attacked your work. How did you handle it?

20. Tell me about a time when you were juggling multiple projects at once. How did you prioritize?

21. Describe a time you encouraged someone (co-worker, boss, customer) to see things your way. Was the outcome successful?

22. Tell me about a time you were part of a team that you didn’t like. Why did you dislike the team? How did you cope?

23. Tell me about a time you were having a hard time balancing your personal and work life. What did you do to get through it?

24. Describe a situation where you had to problem solve.

25. Tell me about a time you wanted to quit. What did you do to motivate yourself?

26. Why Amazon/Google etc.?

27. What's your Weakness/Strengh?

28. Tell me about a time when you had to choose between the quick way vs a way to ensure quality. (Insist on the hightest standard)

29. Describe a time when you sacrificed short term goals for long term success.

30. Tell me about a time when you had to choose between multiple technologies. (Think big)

31. Tell me about a time when you earned your team member's trust.
32. Tell me about a time when you helped a struggling peer.

33. Tell me about a time when you went out of your way to help someone. (ownership)
34. Tell me about a time when you did something out of your responsibilities.

35. Tell me about something interesting you've learnt recently.
    Next.js, AWS Amplify, Serverless function, Jamstack

36. Tell me about a time when you had to work hard to please a client. (Customer obsession)

37. Tell me about a time when you improved an existing process. (Simplify)

38. Tell me about a time when you used data to develop a strategy.

39. What did you do when you needed to motivate a group of individuals?

40. Tell me about a time when you had to dig deep to find the solution to a bug.

41. Tell me about a time you failed and what you learned from it.

42. Tell me about a time when you had a conflict with a colleague.

43. Tell me about a time when you had to push back or challenge a decision.

44. Tell me about a time when you've made a decision without data. (Bias for action)

45. Tell me about a time when you had to deal with ambiguity.

46. Tell me about a time when you missed an obvious solution to a problem.

## Good Examples:

We needed to validate and understand the pain points from our product engineering teams before we committed to our design. We interviewed engineers from around the company to learn about their challenges and pain points with the current platform and collect feedback about whether our new design would solve them. We kept teams updated with the progress of the new stack in our internal frontend guild all-hands meetings. The entire process was transparent and developer-centric from start to finish.
